now the Israeli military says another
three soldiers have been killed in
battles in Northern Gaza that takes the
number of Israeli troops killed now in
Gaza to
154 since the beginning of the ground
campaign at the end of October Hamas
says its Fighters are using Guerilla
tactics ambushing Israeli soldiers and
using their knowledge of gaza's terrain
and tunnel Network Alan Fischer is life
for us in occupied East Jerusalem so
Alan what more are we hearing on these
Israeli
casualties
well this announcement coming from the
Israeli Army just a few hours ago three
more dead in Northern Gaza one officer
two soldiers died during fighting in a
part of the strip that the Israelis said
more than a month ago that they had
virtually complete military control this
proves that that's not the case the
Israelis have talked about how there has
been intense fighting in the northern
part of the strip how at times it's not
just been building to building or Street
to street but at some points actually
face to face and of course they've moved
their operation into the central part of
Gaza and in the last few days announced
that they were going to expand the war
in the South as well as you say this
takes the number of dead to
154 91 since the end of the ceasefire on
December the 1st now the majority of
polls continue to show that the Israeli
people support the war in Gaza they
support the goals of defeating Hamas but
the Israeli government will know that
every time there is a loss in the
Israeli army fighting in Gaza then it
might just tip the balance of support
away from the war they are aware of that
and certainly there's been criticism of
the way that the Army has conducted the
war led by the Israeli cabinet one
member of Benjamin netanyahu's
government actually in the last few days
said there should be more air strikes
that too many soldiers were dying on the
ground now the intention is that this
war will go on for several months we
heard it from from Daniel hagari the
Israeli Army spokesman just last night
we've heard it from Benjamin Netanyahu
as well he says he speaks to the
families of those who've died all of
them he says have told him to continue
fighting the war otherwise their sons
loss would be in vain and Benjamin
Netanyahu insists that that's exactly
what he's going to do the war will go on
for months and the war will go on until
Benjamin Natan who believes that Israel
has its Victory Alan thank you Alan fish
in occupied East Jerusalem